Feature/versions (#107)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/theme.md

All additional steps after the initial setup are done using WP_CLI commands, so please make sure that you have WP-CLI set and ready to use.

## Specify version to create

In order to be able to test boilerplate with different library versions you can provide 2 additions attributes to this command and specify library versions. 

* `--eightshiftLibsBranch`
* `--eightshiftFrontendLibsBranch`

#### Example:

> If you want to pull a `develop` branch for the Eightshift frontend libs and `release/3.1.0` branch of the Eightshift libs your command will look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to pull a `develop` branch for the Eightshift frontend libs and a specific branch of the Eightshift libs your command will look like this:
```
